#Contenido subrayado:
One must determine which questions to ask, identify the appropriate data, and select effective visual encodings to map data values to graphical features such as position, size, shape, and color."
Index Charts: A index chart is an interactive line chart that shows percentage changes for a collection of time-series data based on a selected index point. 
Sacked Graphs: By stacking area charts on top of each other, we arrive at a visual summation of time-series values—a stacked graph.A stacked.graph does not support negative numbers and is meaningless for data that should not be summed
Horizon Graphs:The horizon graphis a technique for increasing the data density of a time-series view while preserving resolution
Statistical Distributions: Other visualizations have been designed to reveal how a set of numbers is distributed and thus help an analyst better understand the statistical properties of the data
Stem-and-Leaf Plots: It typically bins numbers according to the first significant digit, and then stacks the values within each bin by the second significant digit. This minimalistic representation uses the data itself to paint a frequency distribution, replacing the “information-empty” bars of a traditional histogram bar chart and allowing one to assess both the overall distribution and the contents of each bin. 
Q-Q plot compares two probability distributions by graphing their quantiles against each other. If the two are similar, the plotted values will lie roughly along the central diagonal. If the two are linearly related, values will again lie along a line, though with varying slope and intercept.
SPLOM (Scatter Plot Matrix): use small multiples of scatter plots showing a set of pairwise relations among variables, thus creating the SPLOM (scatter plot matrix). A SPLOM enables visual inspection of correlations between any pair of variables. 
Parallel Coordinates: Instead ofgraphing every pair of variables in two dimensions, we repeatedly plot the data on parallel axes and then connect the corresponding points with lines. Eachpoly-line represents a single row in the databas, and line crossings betweendimensions often indicate inverse correlation. 
Maps: Many maps are based upon a cartographic projection: a mathematical function that maps the 3D geometry of the Earth to a 2D image. Other maps knowingly distort or abstract geographic features to tell a richer story or highlight specific data
Flow Maps: Flow lines typically encode a large amount of multivariate information: path points, direction, line thickness, and color can all be used to present dimensions of information to the viewer
Choropleth Maps:  A standard approach to communicating this data is to use a color encoding of the geographic area, resulting in a choropleth map
Graduated Symbol Maps: An alternative to the choropleth map, the graduated symbol map places symbols over an nderlying map. This approach avoids onfounding geographic area with data alues and allows for more dimensions o be visualized
Cartograms: A cartogram distorts the hape of geographic regions so that the rea directly encodes a data variable.
Hierarchies: Special visualization techniques exist to leverage ierarchical structure, allowing rapid ultiscale inferences: micro-observations of individual elements and macro-observations of large groups.
Node-link diagrams: The word tree s used interchangeably with hierarchy, s the fractal branches of an oak might irror the nesting of data. If we take a wo-dimensional blueprint of a tree, we ave a popular choice for visualizing ierarchies: a node-link diagram
Adjacency Diagrams: The adjacency iagram is a space-filling variant of the ode-link diagram; rather than drawin a link between parent and child in he hierarchy, nodes are drawn as solid reas (either arcs or bars), and their lacement relative to adjacent nodes eveals their position in the hierarchy
Enclosure Diagrams:The enclosure iagram is also space filling, using ontainment rather than adjacency to epresent the hierarchy
Networks: Mathematicians use the formal erm graph to describe a network. A entral challenge in graph visualization is computing an effective layout. ayout techniques typically seek to position closely related nodes (in terms f graph distance, such as the number f links between nodes, or other metrics) close in the drawing; critically, nrelated nodes must also be placed ar enough apart to differentiate relationships.
Force-directed Layouts:A common nd intuitive approach to network layout is to model the graph as a physical ystem: nodes are charged particles that epel each other, and links are dampened springs that pull related nodes ogether. 
Diagrams:An arc diagram, uses a one-dimensional layout of nodes, with circular acs to represent links
Matrix Views:Mathematicians and omputer scientists often think of a raph in terms of its adjacency matrix: ach value in row i and column j in the atrix corresponds to the link from ode i to node j. Given this representation, an obvious visualization then is: ust show the matrix! Using color or saturation instead of text allows values associated with th
